Using Git resources directly in deployments (#1105)
OctopusDeploy/blog: blog/2024-01/git-resources-in-deployments/index.md

---
title: Using Git resources directly in deployments
description: Additional support for sourcing dependencies directly from Git without intermediate packaging.
author: robert.erez@octopus.com
visibility: public
published: 2024-01-24-1400
metaImage: 
bannerImage: 
bannerImageAlt: 
isFeatured: false
tags: 
  - DevOps
  - Platform Engineering
  - Kubernetes
  - Continuous Integration
---

Deployment processes often rely on artifacts that don’t need processing during a Continuous Integration (CI) build. Scripts you can source directly from a repository without intermediate compilation are the norm. In some systems, this includes entire declarative configuration files, like Kubernetes manifests or Terraform templates. 

> Octopus previously required you to bundle these resources into an artifact, like a zip archive. These build outputs existed just so Octopus could reference them later, to extract and use during a deployment. This artificial requirement felt unnatural and added extra steps to what should be a simple process. The file is right there in your repository, why can’t you use it in your deployment directly?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Octopus previously required you to bundle these resources into an artifact, like a zip archive. These build outputs existed just so Octopus could reference them later, to extract and use during a deployment. This felt unnatural and added extra steps to what should be a simple process. If the file is right there in your repository, why can’t you use it in your deployment directly?
```

---
title: Using Git resources directly in deployments
description: Additional support for sourcing dependencies directly from Git without intermediate packaging.
author: robert.erez@octopus.com
visibility: public
published: 2024-01-29-1400
metaImage: blogimage-usinggitresourcesdirectlyindeployment-2024.png
bannerImage: blogimage-usinggitresourcesdirectlyindeployment-2024.png
bannerImageAlt: Code packages coming out of a Git machine, moving along a conveyor belt into an Octopus machine, then becoming versioned releases.
isFeatured: false
tags: 

>   - DevOps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Product
```
